{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Futura-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Futura-Medium;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Futura-MediumItalic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red33\green33\blue39;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green174\blue174;
\red77\green173\blue74;\red77\green173\blue74;\red205\green76\blue92;\red40\green40\blue45;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17255\c17255\c20392;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c72941\c73725;
\cssrgb\c36078\c72157\c36078;\cssrgb\c36078\c72157\c36078\c4706;\cssrgb\c84706\c38824\c43529;\cssrgb\c20784\c20784\c23137;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c29804;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Introduction\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Please respect the following rules:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - Remain polite, courteous, respectful and constructive\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 throughout the correction process. The well-being of the community\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 depends on it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - Identify with the person (or the group) graded the eventual\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 dysfunctions of the work. Take the time to discuss\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and debate the problems you have identified.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - You must consider that there might be some difference in how your\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 peers might have understood the project's instructions and the\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 scope of its functionalities. Always keep an open mind and grade\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 him/her as honestly as possible. The pedagogy is valid only if\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 the peer-evaluation is conducted seriously.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Guidelines\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 - Only grade the work that is in the student or group's\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GiT repository.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - Double-check that the GiT repository belongs to the student\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 or the group. Ensure that the work is for the relevant project\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and also check that "git clone" is used in an empty folder.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - Check carefully that no malicious aliases was used to fool you\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and make you evaluate something other than the content of the\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 official repository.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - To avoid any surprises, carefully check that both the correcting\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and the corrected students have reviewed the possible scripts used\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 to facilitate the grading.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - If the correcting student has not completed that particular\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 project yet, it is mandatory for this student to read the\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 entire subject prior to starting the defence.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - Use the flags available on this scale to signal an empty repository,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 non-functioning program, a norm error, cheating etc. In these cases,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 the grading is over and the final grade is 0 (or -42 in case of\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 cheating). However, with the exception of cheating, you are\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 encouraged to continue to discuss your work (even if you have not\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 finished it) in order to identify any issues that may have caused\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 this failure and avoid repeating the same mistake in the future.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Attachments\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://projects.intra.42.fr/uploads/document/document/499/generator"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 generator}}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cdn.intra.42.fr/pdf/pdf/6610/lem-in.en.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Subject}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Mandatory part\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Reminder : Remember that for the duration of the defence, no segfault, nor other unexpected, premature, uncontrolled or unexpected termination of the program, else the final grade is 0. Use the appropriate flag. This rule is active thoughout the whole defence.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf2 \cb3 Prerequisites\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 If something here is missing, the defence is finished and final grade is 0.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - Nothing in the git repository.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Check that the author file is at the root of the repository and formatted as explained in the subject.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - The norm is not respected, the norminette is proof.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Cheat (The student can not explains her/his code) => Flag Cheat\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - A prohibited function is used.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - The program is called lem-in\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - The program must be able to read an ant-farm on the standard output.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (For example: "./lem-in < ant_farm.txt")\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0Yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb7 \strokec3 \'a0No\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa440\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Error management\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 The program must manage errors properly on the standard output. Remain open minded when considering the design implemented for that section, and most importantly with regards to the error messages. Don't be picky just make sure it's consistant. Basically, we mean that, if the project displays either something different than "ERROR" or if the choice was made to display nothing as an answer when the ant-farm has no ants, you can accept it.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf2 \cb3 Missing information\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Evaluate the implementation of error management when there is no room.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Evaluate the implementation of error management when there is no ant.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Evaluate the implementation of error management when there is no ##start / ##end.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0Yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb7 \strokec3 \'a0No\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Comments and commands\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - The program accepts ant-farms with comments.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - The program accepts ant-farms with commands other than ##start ##end.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0Yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb7 \strokec3 \'a0No\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 No possible solution\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Evaluate the implementation of error management when there is no possible\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 solution with the given ant-farm.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0Yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb7 \strokec3 \'a0No\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa440\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Output format\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 The output format must be observed.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf2 \cb3 Ant-farm composition.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 The ant-farm's composition is displayed on the standard output,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 as well as commands and comments.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0Yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb7 \strokec3 \'a0No\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Ants movements\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The movements are printed with the right format:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 1 line per turn\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - N movements per turn\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - A movement is defined as follow "Lx-y" where x is the ant's\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 number and y a room's name\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0Yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb7 \strokec3 \'a0No\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa440\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Explainations\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf2 \cb3 Algorithm explaination\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 Here the student will have to explain her/his approach and justify her/his choices\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 in research and implementation of her/his algorithm.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Why is it adapted to the problem?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - How does it work?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Has the corrector understood how the algorithm works?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 This step is necessary for the validation of the project.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Take all the time you need to understand.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Ask your questions that are useful for understanding.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0Yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb7 \strokec3 \'a0No\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa440\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Test the algorithm\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf2 \cb3 Path validity\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 Throughout this section the program must go off the valid paths.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 It is up to you to check the validity of the outputs.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 If only one of these outputs is not valid, check No and the defense stops here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Valid means:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - At each line, only one movement per ants\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - That before a move the room targeted by the ants is free\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (there is no ant inside)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - That ants move in rooms within range\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (connected by a tube to the current room)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - That at the end of the program all ants are in ##end\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 If none of your tests obtain an invalid solution, check Yes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Does the program always provide a right solution?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0Yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb7 \strokec3 \'a0No\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Flow management\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 Does the program use several paths when they do not overlay each other and\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 that this is necessary?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 You must use the generator given as an example with the --flow-one option, then\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 --flow-ten, then --flow-thousand.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The generator, indicates the number of lines expected, any difference with\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 this expectation shows a poorly optimized algorithm.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 These cases are easy to implement and do not require any elaborate algorithms.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Therefore, we will only tolerate a difference of a maximum of 3 lines here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Otherwise it means that the paths are misused, or that not all of them are found by the algorithm.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The student has then misunderstood the subject, check No and the correction stops here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0Yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb7 \strokec3 \'a0No\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Time complexity\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Test the program with maps generated by the generator with the --big option,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 then test it with the --big-superposition option.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Measure the execution time of the program, and note on several tests.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 5 --> Well done, perfect, the program always runs around 3 seconds or less.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 4 --> very well, the program runs in 6 seconds maximum.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 3 --> the program runs in 9 seconds maximum.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 2 --> lack of optimization, the program runs in 12 seconds maximum.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 1 --> very slow, however, the program runs in 15 seconds maximum.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 0 --> ...the program sometimes runs in more than 15 seconds, the subject is not respected, the defense stops here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 Rate it from 0 (failed) through 5 (excellent)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Algorithm's accuracy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Measure the accuracy of the program's results:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The maps generated by the generator with the --big-superposition option are used here\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 to check the proper management of the path overlay problem.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The generator indicates the number of lines expected as comments.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 This is a complex and important problem in graph theory,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 processing it correctly is required.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Attention! The maps generated by the generator are by no means exhaustive\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 for these tests, you are invited to test the algorithm with maps of your creation.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Use your imagination to test the consistency and the accuracy of the algorithm.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - 5 --> everything is absolutely perfect, well done, the algorithm always gives a number of lines equal or lower than that of the generator.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 4 --> optimized algorithm but the result is sometimes one to two lines higher than the generator.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 2 --> good algorithm but the result is sometimes 3 to 10 lines higher than the generator.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 2 --> On some maps, the number of difference lines increases dramatically.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 1 --> the algorithm is designed to manage the superposition of paths but the results are very far from the objectives.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - 0 --> the algorithm does not handle path overlay, the subject is not respected, the defense stops here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 Rate it from 0 (failed) through 5 (excellent)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Bonus\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf2 \cb3 Bonuses\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 In this section you can evaluate up to 5 operational and well\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 implemented bonuses.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Bonus example:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Graphic visualizer -> if you find it very well made, you can\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 give more than 1 point for it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - ...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 Rate it from 0 (failed) through 5 (excellent)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa440\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Ratings\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa100\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf8 \cb3 \strokec8 Don\'92t forget to check the flag corresponding to the defense\cb1 \
}